<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html [
  <!ENTITY % htmlDTD
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
  %htmlDTD;
  <!ENTITY % netErrorDTD
    SYSTEM "chrome://global/locale/netError.dtd">
  %netErrorDTD;

<!ENTITY loadError.label "页面载入出错">
<!ENTITY retry.label "重试">
<!ENTITY returnToPreviousPage.label "后退">
<!ENTITY advanced.label "高级">

<!-- Specific error messages -->

<!ENTITY connectionFailure.title "连接失败">
<!ENTITY connectionFailure.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY deniedPortAccess.title "此网址已被限制">
<!ENTITY deniedPortAccess.longDesc "">

<!ENTITY dnsNotFound.title "找不到服务器">
<!ENTITY dnsNotFound.longDesc "<ul> <li>请检查网址是否输错了？比如将<q><strong>www</strong>.example.com</q>输成<q><strong>ww</strong>.example.com</q></li><li>如果您无法载入任何网页，请检查您计算机的网络连接状态。</li><li>如果您的计算机或网络受到防火墙或者代理服务器的保护，请确认 &brandShortName; 已被授权访问网络。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY fileNotFound.title "找不到文件">
<!ENTITY fileNotFound.longDesc "<ul> 
<li>请检查文件名是否大小写输错，或者有其他输入错误。</li> 
<li>请检查文件是否已被移动，重命名或删除。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY fileAccessDenied.title "对该文件的访问请求被拒绝">
<!ENTITY fileAccessDenied.longDesc "
<ul>
  <li>文件可能已被删除、移动，或者因文件权限问题被拒绝访问。</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY generic.title "哎呀。">
<!ENTITY generic.longDesc "<p>&brandShortName; 因某些不明原因无法载入此页面。</p>">

<!ENTITY captivePortal.title "请登录网络">
<!ENTITY captivePortal.longDesc2 "
<p>您必须先登录此网络才能访问互联网。</p>">

<!ENTITY openPortalLoginPage.label2 "打开网络登录页面">

<!ENTITY malformedURI.title "无效的地址">
<!ENTITY malformedURI.longDesc "<ul> 
<li>网址通常长得像 
<strong>http://www.example.com/</strong></li> 
<li>请确认您使用的是正斜杠（即 
<strong>/</strong>）。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY netInterrupt.title "连接被中断">
<!ENTITY netInterrupt.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY notCached.title "文档已过期">
<!ENTITY notCached.longDesc "<p>您请求的文档已无法从 &brandShortName; 的缓存中读取。</p><ul><li>出于安全考虑，&brandShortName; 不会自动重新获取敏感文档。</li><li>请点击重试来重新请求从网站获取该文档。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY netOffline.title "脱机模式">
<!ENTITY netOffline.longDesc2 "<ul>
  
  <li>请按“重试”切换到在线模式并重新载入此页面。</li>
</ul>">

<!ENTITY contentEncodingError.title "内容编码错误">
<!ENTITY contentEncodingError.longDesc "<ul><li>建议向此网站的管理员反馈这个问题。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY unsafeContentType.title "不安全的文件类型">
<!ENTITY unsafeContentType.longDesc "<ul><li>建议向此网站的管理员反馈这个问题。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY netReset.title "连接被重置">
<!ENTITY netReset.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY netTimeout.title "连接超时">
<!ENTITY netTimeout.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY unknownProtocolFound.title "无法理解该地址">
<!ENTITY unknownProtocolFound.longDesc "<ul> 
<li>您可能需要安装其他软件才能打开此地址。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY proxyConnectFailure.title "代理服务器拒绝连接">
<!ENTITY proxyConnectFailure.longDesc "<ul><li>请检查浏览器的代理服务器设置是否正确。</li><li>请联系您的网络管理员以确认代理服务器工作正常。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY proxyResolveFailure.title "无法找到代理服务器">
<!ENTITY proxyResolveFailure.longDesc "<ul><li>请检查浏览器的代理服务器设置是否正确。</li><li>请检查确认您的计算机能正常连上网。</li><li>如果您的计算机或网络受到防火墙或者代理服务器的保护，请确认 &brandShortName; 已被授权访问网络。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY redirectLoop.title "此页面不能正确地重定向">
<!ENTITY redirectLoop.longDesc "<ul><li>有时候禁用或拒绝接受 Cookie 会导致此问题。</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY unknownSocketType.title "意外的服务器响应">
<!ENTITY unknownSocketType.longDesc "<ul> 
<li>请检查您的系统是否安装了个人安全管理器（PSM）。</li> 
<li>这可能是由服务器端的非标准配置所致。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY nssFailure2.title "建立安全连接失败">
<!ENTITY nssFailure2.longDesc2 "<ul> 
<li>由于不能验证所收到的数据是否可信，无法显示您想要查看的页面。</li> 
<li>建议向此网站的管理员反馈这个问题。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY certerror.longpagetitle1 "您的连接并不安全">
<!-- Localization note (certerror.introPara) - The text content of the span tag
will be replaced at runtime with the name of the server to which the user
was trying to connect. -->
<!ENTITY certerror.introPara "<span class='hostname'/> 的网站管理员未正确配置网站。为避免您的信息被窃，&brandShortName; 没有与该网站建立连接。">

<!ENTITY sharedLongDesc "<ul> 
<li>此站点暂时无法使用或者太过忙碌。请过几分钟后再试。</li> 
<li>如果您无法载入任何网页，请检查您计算机的网络连接状态。</li> 
<li>如果您的计算机或网络受到防火墙或者代理服务器的保护，请确认 &brandShortName; 已被授权访问网络。</li> 
</ul>">

<!ENTITY cspBlocked.title "已依内容安全策略拦截">
<!ENTITY cspBlocked.longDesc "<p>&brandShortName; 已按该页面包含的内容安全策略阻止其以此种方式加载。</p>">

<!ENTITY corruptedContentErrorv2.title "内容损坏错误">
<!ENTITY corruptedContentErrorv2.longDesc "<p>由于检测到在数据传输过程中存在错误，无法显示您正要查看的页面。</p><ul><li>建议向此网站的管理员反馈这个问题。</li></ul>">


<!ENTITY securityOverride.exceptionButtonLabel "添加例外…">

<!ENTITY errorReporting.automatic2 "反馈此类错误，帮助 Mozilla 识别并拦截恶意网站">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.learnMore "详细了解…">

<!ENTITY remoteXUL.title "远程 XUL">
<!ENTITY remoteXUL.longDesc "<p><ul><li>请联系此网站的管理员并告知此问题。</li></ul></p>">

<!ENTITY sslv3Used.title "无法安全地进行连接">
<!-- LOCALIZATION NOTE (sslv3Used.longDesc2) - Do not translate
     "SSL_ERROR_UNSUPPORTED_VERSION". -->
<!ENTITY sslv3Used.longDesc2 "高级信息: SSL_ERROR_UNSUPPORTED_VERSION">

<!-- LOCALIZATION NOTE (certerror.wrongSystemTime2,
                        certerror.wrongSystemTimeWithoutReference) - The <span id='..' />
     tags will be injected with actual values, please leave them unchanged. -->
<!ENTITY certerror.wrongSystemTime2 "<p>您的系统时间似乎不正确，因此 &brandShortName; 无法与 <span id='wrongSystemTime_URL'/> 建立安全连接。</p> <p>您的计算机时间目前被设置为 <span id='wrongSystemTime_systemDate'/>，但正确的时间应是 <span id='wrongSystemTime_actualDate'/>。请更正您的日期和时间设置来修复此问题。</p>">
<!ENTITY certerror.wrongSystemTimeWithoutReference "<p>您的系统时间似乎不正确，因此 &brandShortName; 无法与 <span id='wrongSystemTimeWithoutReference_URL'/> 建立安全连接。</p> <p>您的计算机时间目前被设置为 <span id='wrongSystemTimeWithoutReference_systemDate'/>。请更正您的日期和时间设置来修复此问题。</p>">

<!ENTITY certerror.pagetitle1  "不安全的连接">
<!ENTITY certerror.whatShouldIDo.badStsCertExplanation "此网站采用了 HTTP 严格传输安全（HSTS）机制，要求 &brandShortName; 只能与其建立安全连接。正因如此，您也不能将此证书加入例外列表。">
<!ENTITY certerror.copyToClipboard.label "复制文本到剪贴板">

<!ENTITY inadequateSecurityError.title "您的连接不安全">
<!-- LOCALIZATION NOTE (inadequateSecurityError.longDesc) - Do not translate
     "NS_ERROR_NET_INADEQUATE_SECURITY". -->
<!ENTITY inadequateSecurityError.longDesc "<p><span class='hostname'></span> 使用了过时的安全技术，较容易遭受攻击。攻击者可以轻易窃取您的信息。该网站的管理员修正服务器后您才能访问该网站。</p><p>错误代码：NS_ERROR_NET_INADEQUATE_SECURITY</p>">

<!ENTITY prefReset.longDesc "看来可能是您的网络安全设置造成了此问题。您想还原到默认设置吗？">
<!ENTITY prefReset.label "恢复默认设置">

  <!ENTITY % globalDTD
    SYSTEM "chrome://global/locale/global.dtd">
  %globalDTD;
]>
<!-- This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
   - License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
   - file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/. -->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    <title>页面载入出错</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="a_data/aboutNetError.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
    <!-- If the location of the favicon is changed here, the FAVICON_ERRORPAGE_URL symbol in
         toolkit/components/places/src/nsFaviconService.h should be updated. -->
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" id="favicon" href="chrome://global/skin/icons/warning-16.png" />

    <script type="application/javascript"><![CDATA[
      // The following parameters are parsed from the error URL:
      //   e - the error code
      //   s - custom CSS class to allow alternate styling/favicons
      //   d - error description
      //   captive - "true" to indicate we're behind a captive portal.
      //             Any other value is ignored.

      // Note that this file uses document.documentURI to get
      // the URL (with the format from above). This is because
      // document.location.href gets the current URI off the docshell,
      // which is the URL displayed in the location bar, i.e.
      // the URI that the user attempted to load.

      let searchParams = new URLSearchParams(document.documentURI.split("?")[1]);

      // Set to true on init if the error code is nssBadCert.
      let gIsCertError;

      function getErrorCode() {
        return searchParams.get("e");
      }

      function getCSSClass() {
        return searchParams.get("s");
      }

      function getDescription() {
        return searchParams.get("d");
      }

      function isCaptive() {
        return searchParams.get("captive") == "true";
      }

      function retryThis(buttonEl) {
        // Note: The application may wish to handle switching off "offline mode"
        // before this event handler runs, but using a capturing event handler.

        // Session history has the URL of the page that failed
        // to load, not the one of the error page. So, just call
        // reload(), which will also repost POST data correctly.
        try {
          location.reload();
        } catch (e) {
          // We probably tried to reload a URI that caused an exception to
          // occur;  e.g. a nonexistent file.
        }

        buttonEl.disabled = true;
      }

      function toggleDisplay(node) {
        const toggle = {
          "": "block",
          "none": "block",
          "block": "none"
        };
        return (node.style.display = toggle[node.style.display]);
      }

      function showCertificateErrorReporting() {
        // Display error reporting UI
        document.getElementById("certificateErrorReporting").style.display = "block";
      }

      function showPrefChangeContainer() {
        const panel = document.getElementById("prefChangeContainer");
        panel.style.display = "block";
        document.getElementById("netErrorButtonContainer").style.display = "none";
        document.getElementById("prefResetButton").addEventListener("click", function resetPreferences(e) {
          const event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorResetPreferences", {bubbles: true});
          document.dispatchEvent(event);
        });
        addAutofocus("prefResetButton", "beforeend");
      }

      function setupAdvancedButton() {
        // Get the hostname and add it to the panel
        var panel = document.getElementById("badCertAdvancedPanel");
        for (var span of panel.querySelectorAll("span.hostname")) {
          span.textContent = document.location.hostname;
        }

        // Register click handler for the weakCryptoAdvancedPanel
        document.getElementById("advancedButton")
                .addEventListener("click", function togglePanelVisibility() {
          toggleDisplay(panel);
          if (gIsCertError) {
            // Toggling the advanced panel must ensure that the debugging
            // information panel is hidden as well, since it's opened by the
            // error code link in the advanced panel.
            var div = document.getElementById("certificateErrorDebugInformation");
            div.style.display = "none";
          }

          if (panel.style.display == "block") {
            // send event to trigger telemetry ping
            var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorUIExpanded", {bubbles: true});
            document.dispatchEvent(event);
          }
        });

        if (!gIsCertError) {
          return;
        }

        if (getCSSClass() == "expertBadCert") {
          toggleDisplay(document.getElementById("badCertAdvancedPanel"));
          // Toggling the advanced panel must ensure that the debugging
          // information panel is hidden as well, since it's opened by the
          // error code link in the advanced panel.
          var div = document.getElementById("certificateErrorDebugInformation");
          div.style.display = "none";
        }

        disallowCertOverridesIfNeeded();

        document.getElementById("badCertTechnicalInfo").textContent = getDescription();
      }

      function disallowCertOverridesIfNeeded() {
        var cssClass = getCSSClass();
        // Disallow overrides if this is a Strict-Transport-Security
        // host and the cert is bad (STS Spec section 7.3) or if the
        // certerror is in a frame (bug 633691).
        if (cssClass == "badStsCert" || window != top) {
          document.getElementById("exceptionDialogButton").setAttribute("hidden", "true");
        }
        if (cssClass == "badStsCert") {
          document.getElementById("badStsCertExplanation").removeAttribute("hidden");
        }
      }

      function initPage() {
        var err = getErrorCode();
        gIsCertError = (err == "nssBadCert");
        // Only worry about captive portals if this is a cert error.
        let showCaptivePortalUI = isCaptive() && gIsCertError;
        if (showCaptivePortalUI) {
          err = "captivePortal";
        }

        // if it's an unknown error or there's no title or description
        // defined, get the generic message
        var errTitle = document.getElementById("et_" + err);
        var errDesc  = document.getElementById("ed_" + err);
        if (!errTitle || !errDesc) {
          errTitle = document.getElementById("et_generic");
          errDesc  = document.getElementById("ed_generic");
        }

        document.querySelector(".title-text").innerHTML = errTitle.innerHTML;

        var sd = document.getElementById("errorShortDescText");
        if (sd) {
          if (gIsCertError) {
            sd.innerHTML = errDesc.innerHTML;
          } else {
            sd.textContent = getDescription();
          }
        }
        if (showCaptivePortalUI) {
          initPageCaptivePortal();
          return;
        }
        if (gIsCertError) {
          initPageCertError();
          return;
        }
        addAutofocus("errorTryAgain");

        document.body.className = "neterror";

        var ld = document.getElementById("errorLongDesc");
        if (ld) {
          ld.innerHTML = errDesc.innerHTML;
        }

        if (err == "sslv3Used") {
          document.getElementById("learnMoreContainer").style.display = "block";
          let learnMoreLink = document.getElementById("learnMoreLink");
          learnMoreLink.href = "https://support.mozilla.org/kb/how-resolve-sslv3-error-messages-firefox";
          document.body.className = "certerror";
        }

        // remove undisplayed errors to avoid bug 39098
        var errContainer = document.getElementById("errorContainer");
        errContainer.remove();

        var className = getCSSClass();
        if (className && className != "expertBadCert") {
          // Associate a CSS class with the root of the page, if one was passed in,
          // to allow custom styling.
          // Not "expertBadCert" though, don't want to deal with the favicon
          document.documentElement.className = className;

          // Also, if they specified a CSS class, they must supply their own
          // favicon.  In order to trigger the browser to repaint though, we
          // need to remove/add the link element.
          var favicon = document.getElementById("favicon");
          var faviconParent = favicon.parentNode;
          faviconParent.removeChild(favicon);
          favicon.setAttribute("href", "chrome://global/skin/icons/" + className + "_favicon.png");
          faviconParent.appendChild(favicon);
        }

        if (err == "remoteXUL") {
          // Remove the "Try again" button for remote XUL errors given that
          // it is useless.
          document.getElementById("netErrorButtonContainer").style.display = "none";
        }

        if (err == "cspBlocked") {
          // Remove the "Try again" button for CSP violations, since it's
          // almost certainly useless. (Bug 553180)
          document.getElementById("netErrorButtonContainer").style.display = "none";
        }

        window.addEventListener("AboutNetErrorOptions", function(evt) {
        // Pinning errors are of type nssFailure2
          if (getErrorCode() == "nssFailure2") {
            document.getElementById("learnMoreContainer").style.display = "block";
            let learnMoreLink = document.getElementById("learnMoreLink");
            // nssFailure2 also gets us other non-overrideable errors. Choose
            // a "learn more" link based on description:
            if (getDescription().includes("MOZILLA_PKIX_ERROR_KEY_PINNING_FAILURE")) {
              learnMoreLink.href = "https://support.mozilla.org/kb/certificate-pinning-reports";
            }

            var options = JSON.parse(evt.detail);
            if (options && options.enabled) {
              var checkbox = document.getElementById("automaticallyReportInFuture");
              showCertificateErrorReporting();
              if (options.automatic) {
                // set the checkbox
                checkbox.checked = true;
              }

              checkbox.addEventListener("change", function(changeEvt) {
                  var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorSetAutomatic",
                    {bubbles: true,
                     detail: changeEvt.target.checked});
                  document.dispatchEvent(event);
                });
            }
            const hasPrefStyleError = [
              "interrupted", // This happens with subresources that are above the max tls
              "SSL_ERROR_PROTOCOL_VERSION_ALERT",
              "SSL_ERROR_UNSUPPORTED_VERSION",
              "SSL_ERROR_NO_CYPHER_OVERLAP",
              "SSL_ERROR_NO_CIPHERS_SUPPORTED"
            ].some((substring) => getDescription().includes(substring));
            // If it looks like an error that is user config based
            if (getErrorCode() == "nssFailure2" && hasPrefStyleError && options && options.changedCertPrefs) {
              showPrefChangeContainer();
            }
          }
          if (getErrorCode() == "sslv3Used") {
            document.getElementById("advancedButton").style.display = "none";
          }
        }, true, true);

        var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorLoad", {bubbles: true});
        document.dispatchEvent(event);

        if (err == "inadequateSecurityError") {
          // Remove the "Try again" button for HTTP/2 inadequate security as it
          // is useless.
          document.getElementById("errorTryAgain").style.display = "none";

          var container = document.getElementById("errorLongDesc");
          for (var span of container.querySelectorAll("span.hostname")) {
            span.textContent = document.location.hostname;
          }
        }

        addDomainErrorLinks();
      }

      function initPageCaptivePortal() {
        document.body.className = "captiveportal";
        document.title = document.getElementById("captivePortalPageTitle").textContent;

        document.getElementById("openPortalLoginPageButton")
                .addEventListener("click", () => {
          let event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorOpenCaptivePortal", {bubbles: true});
          document.dispatchEvent(event);
        });

        addAutofocus("openPortalLoginPageButton");
        setupAdvancedButton();

        addDomainErrorLinks();

        // When the portal is freed, an event is generated by the frame script
        // that we can pick up and attempt to reload the original page.
        window.addEventListener("AboutNetErrorCaptivePortalFreed", () => {
          document.location.reload();
        });
      }

      function initPageCertError() {
        document.body.className = "certerror";
        document.title = document.getElementById("certErrorPageTitle").textContent;
        for (let host of document.querySelectorAll(".hostname")) {
          host.textContent = document.location.hostname;
        }

        addAutofocus("returnButton");
        setupAdvancedButton();

        document.getElementById("learnMoreContainer").style.display = "block";

        let checkbox = document.getElementById("automaticallyReportInFuture");
        checkbox.addEventListener("change", function({target: {checked}}) {
          document.dispatchEvent(new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorSetAutomatic", {
            detail: checked,
            bubbles: true
          }));
        });

        addEventListener("AboutNetErrorOptions", function(event) {
          var options = JSON.parse(event.detail);
          if (options && options.enabled) {
            // Display error reporting UI
            document.getElementById("certificateErrorReporting").style.display = "block";

            // set the checkbox
            checkbox.checked = !!options.automatic;
          }
        }, true, true);

        let event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorLoad", {bubbles: true});
        document.getElementById("advancedButton").dispatchEvent(event);

        addDomainErrorLinks();
      }

      /* Only do autofocus if we're the toplevel frame; otherwise we
         don't want to call attention to ourselves!  The key part is
         that autofocus happens on insertion into the tree, so we
         can remove the button, add @autofocus, and reinsert the
         button.
      */
      function addAutofocus(buttonId, position = "afterbegin") {
        if (window.top == window) {
            var button = document.getElementById(buttonId);
            var parent = button.parentNode;
            button.remove();
            button.setAttribute("autofocus", "true");
            parent.insertAdjacentElement(position, button);
        }
      }

      /* Try to preserve the links contained in the error description, like
         the error code.

         Also, in the case of SSL error pages about domain mismatch, see if
         we can hyperlink the user to the correct site.  We don't want
         to do this generically since it allows MitM attacks to redirect
         users to a site under attacker control, but in certain cases
         it is safe (and helpful!) to do so.  Bug 402210
      */
      function addDomainErrorLinks() {
        // Rather than textContent, we need to treat description as HTML
        var sdid = gIsCertError ? "badCertTechnicalInfo" : "errorShortDescText";
        var sd = document.getElementById(sdid);
        if (sd) {
          var desc = getDescription();

          // sanitize description text - see bug 441169

          // First, find the index of the <a> tags we care about, being
          // careful not to use an over-greedy regex.
          var codeRe = /<a id="errorCode" title="([^"]+)">/;
          var codeResult = codeRe.exec(desc);
          var domainRe = /<a id="cert_domain_link" title="([^"]+)">/;
          var domainResult = domainRe.exec(desc);

          // The order of these links in the description is fixed in
          // TransportSecurityInfo.cpp:formatOverridableCertErrorMessage.
          var firstResult = domainResult;
          if (!domainResult)
            firstResult = codeResult;
          if (!firstResult)
            return;
          // Remove sd's existing children
          sd.textContent = "";

          // Everything up to the first link should be text content.
          sd.appendChild(document.createTextNode(desc.slice(0, firstResult.index)));

          // Now create the actual links.
          if (domainResult) {
            createLink(sd, "cert_domain_link", domainResult[1])
            // Append text for anything between the two links.
            sd.appendChild(document.createTextNode(desc.slice(desc.indexOf("</a>") + "</a>".length, codeResult.index)));
          }
          createLink(sd, "errorCode", codeResult[1])

          // Finally, append text for anything after the last closing </a>.
          sd.appendChild(document.createTextNode(desc.slice(desc.lastIndexOf("</a>") + "</a>".length)));
        }

        if (gIsCertError) {
          // Initialize the error code link embedded in the error message to
          // display debug information about the cert error.
          var errorCode = document.getElementById("errorCode");
          if (errorCode) {
            errorCode.href = "javascript:void(0)";
            errorCode.addEventListener("click", () => {
              let debugInfo = document.getElementById("certificateErrorDebugInformation");
              debugInfo.style.display = "block";
              debugInfo.scrollIntoView({block: "start", behavior: "smooth"});
            });
          }
        }

        // Initialize the cert domain link.
        var link = document.getElementById("cert_domain_link");
        if (!link)
          return;

        var okHost = link.getAttribute("title");
        var thisHost = document.location.hostname;
        var proto = document.location.protocol;

        // If okHost is a wildcard domain ("*.example.com") let's
        // use "www" instead.  "*.example.com" isn't going to
        // get anyone anywhere useful. bug 432491
        okHost = okHost.replace(/^\*\./, "www.");

        /* case #1:
         * example.com uses an invalid security certificate.
         *
         * The certificate is only valid for www.example.com
         *
         * Make sure to include the "." ahead of thisHost so that
         * a MitM attack on paypal.com doesn't hyperlink to "notpaypal.com"
         *
         * We'd normally just use a RegExp here except that we lack a
         * library function to escape them properly (bug 248062), and
         * domain names are famous for having '.' characters in them,
         * which would allow spurious and possibly hostile matches.
         */
        if (okHost.endsWith("." + thisHost))
          link.href = proto + okHost;

        /* case #2:
         * browser.garage.maemo.org uses an invalid security certificate.
         *
         * The certificate is only valid for garage.maemo.org
         */
        if (thisHost.endsWith("." + okHost))
          link.href = proto + okHost;

        // If we set a link, meaning there's something helpful for
        // the user here, expand the section by default
        if (link.href && getCSSClass() != "expertBadCert") {
          toggleDisplay(document.getElementById("badCertAdvancedPanel"));
          if (gIsCertError) {
            // Toggling the advanced panel must ensure that the debugging
            // information panel is hidden as well, since it's opened by the
            // error code link in the advanced panel.
            var div = document.getElementById("certificateErrorDebugInformation");
            div.style.display = "none";
          }
        }
      }

      function createLink(el, id, text) {
        var anchorEl = document.createElement("a");
        anchorEl.setAttribute("id", id);
        anchorEl.setAttribute("title", text);
        anchorEl.appendChild(document.createTextNode(text));
        el.appendChild(anchorEl);
      }
    ]]></script>
  </head>

  <body dir="ltr" class="neterror">
    <!-- Contains an alternate page title set on page init for cert errors. -->
    <div id="certErrorPageTitle" style="display: none;">不安全的连接</div>
    <div id="captivePortalPageTitle" style="display: none;">请登录网络</div>

    <!-- ERROR ITEM CONTAINER (removed during loading to avoid bug 39098) -->
    

    <!-- PAGE CONTAINER (for styling purposes only) -->
    <div id="errorPageContainer" class="container">
      <!-- Error Title -->
      <div class="title">
        <h1 class="title-text">连接超时</h1>
      </div>

      <!-- LONG CONTENT (the section most likely to require scrolling) -->
      <div id="errorLongContent">

        <!-- Short Description -->
        <div id="errorShortDesc">
          <p id="errorShortDescText">www.google.com 的服务器响应时间过长。</p>
        </div>
        <p id="badStsCertExplanation" hidden="true">此网站采用了 HTTP 严格传输安全（HSTS）机制，要求 Firefox 只能与其建立安全连接。正因如此，您也不能将此证书加入例外列表。</p>

        <div id="wrongSystemTimePanel" style="display: none;">
          <p>您的系统时间似乎不正确，因此 Firefox 无法与 <span id="wrongSystemTime_URL"></span> 建立安全连接。</p> <p>您的计算机时间目前被设置为 <span id="wrongSystemTime_systemDate"></span>，但正确的时间应是 <span id="wrongSystemTime_actualDate"></span>。请更正您的日期和时间设置来修复此问题。</p>
        </div>

        <div id="wrongSystemTimeWithoutReferencePanel" style="display: none;">
          <p>您的系统时间似乎不正确，因此 Firefox 无法与 <span id="wrongSystemTimeWithoutReference_URL"></span> 建立安全连接。</p> <p>您的计算机时间目前被设置为 <span id="wrongSystemTimeWithoutReference_systemDate"></span>。请更正您的日期和时间设置来修复此问题。</p>
        </div>

        <!-- Long Description (Note: See netError.dtd for used XHTML tags) -->
        <div id="errorLongDesc"><ul xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> 
<li>此站点暂时无法使用或者太过忙碌。请过几分钟后再试。</li> 
<li>如果您无法载入任何网页，请检查您计算机的网络连接状态。</li> 
<li>如果您的计算机或网络受到防火墙或者代理服务器的保护，请确认 Firefox 已被授权访问网络。</li> 
</ul></div>

        <div id="learnMoreContainer">
          <p><a href="https://support.mozilla.org/kb/what-does-your-connection-is-not-secure-mean" id="learnMoreLink" target="new">详细了解…</a></p>
        </div>

        <!-- UI for option to report certificate errors to Mozilla. Removed on
             init for other error types .-->
        <div id="certificateErrorReporting">
          <p class="toggle-container-with-text">
            <input id="automaticallyReportInFuture" role="checkbox" type="checkbox" />
            <label for="automaticallyReportInFuture" id="automaticallyReportInFuture">反馈此类错误，帮助 Mozilla 识别并拦截恶意网站</label>
          </p>
        </div>

        <div id="prefChangeContainer" class="button-container">
          <p>看来可能是您的网络安全设置造成了此问题。您想还原到默认设置吗？</p>
          <button id="prefResetButton" class="primary" autocomplete="off">恢复默认设置</button>
        </div>

        <div id="certErrorAndCaptivePortalButtonContainer" class="button-container">
          <button id="returnButton" class="primary" autocomplete="off">后退</button>
          <button id="openPortalLoginPageButton" class="primary" autocomplete="off">打开网络登录页面</button>
          <button id="advancedButton" autocomplete="off">高级</button>
        </div>
      </div>

      <div id="netErrorButtonContainer" class="button-container">
        <button id="errorTryAgain" class="primary" autocomplete="off" onclick="retryThis(this);">重试</button>
      </div>

      <div id="advancedPanelContainer">
        <div id="badCertAdvancedPanel" class="advanced-panel">
          <p id="badCertTechnicalInfo"></p>
          <div class="exceptionDialogButtonContainer">
            <button id="exceptionDialogButton">添加例外…</button>
          </div>
        </div>

        <div id="certificateErrorDebugInformation">
          <button id="copyToClipboard">复制文本到剪贴板</button>
          <div id="certificateErrorText"></div>
          <button id="copyToClipboard">复制文本到剪贴板</button>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>

    <!--
    - Note: It is important to run the script this way, instead of using
    - an onload handler. This is because error pages are loaded as
    - LOAD_BACKGROUND, which means that onload handlers will not be executed.
    -->
    <script type="application/javascript">
      initPage();
    </script>

  </body>
</html>